It was bamboo Good morning
From today, take-chan's festival go
Ayu seeds have started a little since this week and it is also my home brand
Heike side
Well, it'd be like this little No. 2 slightly But I'm here for the times warfare
Today is May 25th
Good saturday
A little mother I'd like the audience a little small Jattan looks like De
It has only a little
Well I want to do my best today as well
1009 beans one shot
Appeal to bring the farmer's back Mr. Liu
I wonder if I have this year I am please system
It is fun
Hmm
I thought
Chelation
To the street you see , daddy?
It is feeling
It is a spine It is beautiful dad
Perfect
Nakano double dayr
Do you go around a little
Oh
Every time or do I'm wrong every time
It is Osaka that we visit to shop again this year It is the first brain 2013
Ayu has started, isn't it?
Go out from the night or day off a sister to the machine in even bamboo-chan and national eight being added this year
Panashi stiffness in I'll duck single back to the evening of today date in the long Well hey I this now
It contains a little cloudy but I came main line
I do not know the situation for a while, so I would like to go on an expedition to the country this year
Was to the do here seems terrible par natural run-up
Go or Is the Na by the middle over riding or later riding Aso Is to China also ship
Let's have a nice trip Thank you again this year I hope this year too
How are you
Ah ah ah ah
3 types
tj
dj
wh
Yeah yeah yeah
Ah ah ah
Isn't Matsumura a star from Kyoto ?
How about today by selling from the commune
How many are you in the broom
Boo Boo Locks and Punches
I love you with my ears Alpha
Big 18 wards please
Well then, it's a pretty good guy to learn
It's Ka-ha-ha-ha-ha- m-m- san This is what I say, but I 'm waiting for this
Teru Yoima stains Standing Akara Hhodo
Follow
I wish I had baked it with sweet charcoal, but I asked in the shadow
First time